---
title: "Entropy"
author: foobar
tags: [philosophy]
copyright: CC BY-NC
---

I worship Entropy.

Entropy is destruction, death, loss, oldness and the dance of dionysus.

Entropy is the typ in the punchline.
Entropy is the thorn in the shoe.
Entropy is saying the wrong thing at the right time.
Entropy is the bad song in the music album.
Entropy is a director's drunk cameraman.
Entropy is latin.
Entropy is the hail that broke your Yamaha Bike.
Entropy is 23 stitches.
Entropy is the Black Plague on an otherwise beautiful day worth a 1000 paintings.
Entropy is failed projects.
Entropy is an earthquake.
Entorpy is a forgetfulness.
Entropy is the distraction before a deadline.

Person X: This is awesome !
Entropy: I just created a Nebula with a Black Hole in Golden Ratio.
Person Y: The world is my oyster, Alexander can kiss my arse !
Entropy: Would you like to know what I did with the Dinosaurs and most of your ancestors ?

Black, White, Blue, Yellow or Red, Entropy will fuck with you.

But ultimately Entropy, only wishes to challenge you.
And it is here, that I love, respect and fear Entropy.

Despite all the ghastly nonsense above, Entropy is a simple beast.

"If you create disorder, I will gladly help you.
 If you create order, I will give you a hall pass.
 Be creative, Amuse me or I will perish you"
    -- Entropy

For practical purposes I shall define a new word, Antropy
Antropy is the opposite of Entropy, i.e, creation of order.

Things you can do to create more Antropy to bargain with Entropy,

1. Act Act Act

   You will remember your actions 10 years down the lane,
   than your thoughts and vague ideas.

2. Slow Down

   You have close to 50_000 thoughts a day ~ 86_400 seconds.
   A continous monologue that goes nowhere.
   Entropy mocks your callous thinking !

3. Do one thing well before doing another thing

   Success cascades.

4. Re-Interpreting Old Ideas is better than New Ideas

   Let's face it, there is nothing new under the Sun.
   Only the dead people did cool things.

5. Written word is better than spoken word

   Do you remember what you said ?
   You can grep through what you wrote.

   A minor exception, mantras decrease Entropy.

6. Principles are better than Fashion

   Do you know what was popular in 1927 ?
   Entropy: *yawn*

7. Second attempt is always better than first attempt.

   So practice.

8. Bullshit can buy you some time.

   Use wisely, otherwise the shit will be on you.

9. You can never beat Entropy.

   Losing all hope is freedom.

Entropy: Your belief in numerology stuns me ! Have you not understood a thing,
         written here ?

